# Next steps
1. Check if get_current_tcp_pose works correctly by testing the offset transforms when robot end-effector z-axis points into the x-axis
        - Yes, get_current_tcp_pose using isaac lab math functions works accurately as tested in BitBucket isaac_lab_peg_in_hole_manual
2. Check if get_current_tcp_pose works with multiple environments
        - Yes it works
3. Train PPO agent
        - Works. It solved the issue
4. Get robotiq gripper working
        - Not yet working
5. Train PPO agent for reach target pose task
        - Worked



1. Training: PPO reach pose task - rel diff IK control and tcp_pose (7,)
        - Very good
2. Training: PPO reach pose task - abs diff IK control and tcp_pose (7,)
        - Takes more timesteps to get good result
3. Training: PPO reach pose task - rel diff IK control and tcp_pose (6,)
        - 



25.02.2025
1. Compare contact sensor measurements and body_incoming_wrench with and without gripper with different stiffness values
2. Change gripper mass to 1 kg and analyse measured forces
3. Write force/torque validation section



26.02.2025
1. Write about transfering trained agent for Reach Target Pose Task to real robot and observed issues
2. Write about changing friction coefficients for Lift Cube Task and the results in simulation
3. How to randomize starting pose of the robot? Sample Pose and then use IK to get joint positions?


Structure Thesis:
1. What's the problem, research objective/question, limitations?
2. How are things done in research and industry? Traditional methods and RL in insertion tasks
3. How the simulation is built, RL algorithms, components of RL framework?
4. Domain randomization and force/torque required specific attention - validation of their functionality and correctness

Option 1:
5. Training results in simulation
6. Real-World performance
7. Sim-to-real transfer with domain randomization
8. Discussion
9. Conclusion

Option 2:
5. Task-Specific Evaluation and Real-World Performance - For each environment: Simulation results, (Algorithm comparison), Real-World Performance, Impact of Domain Randomization, Discussion
6. Discussion
7. Conclusion

Option 3:
5. Reach Target Pose Task - Simulation and Real-World Performance
6. Lift Cube Task - Simulation and Real-World Performance
7. Peg-in-Hole Task - Simulation and Real-World Performance
8. Impact of Domain Randomization for Sim-to-Real Transfer
9. Discussion
10. Conclusion